-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 19, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 7.081 sec - in com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test
canExecuteStatementsUsingDataSource(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 1.312 sec
doesFlushBeforeNativeQuery(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
canQueryPersistedChangedEntityInTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.317 sec
doesFlushBeforeQuery(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.11 sec
checkForUpdate(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.097 sec
testTraRolledBack(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
canInsertInEmbeddedTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
checkForUpdateMultiThreaded(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 1.083 sec
canInsertInMandatoryTransactionByClosure(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.078 sec
canNotInsertInMandatoyTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
requiresNewDoesInsertInOtherEm(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.08 sec
checkUserTransactionAndDataSource(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.098 sec
requiresNewDoesInsertInSameEm(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
canQueryPersistedEntityInTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
canInsertInTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
canQueryCreatedEntityInEmbeddedTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
canInsertInMandatoryTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
doesCommitChangeEvenWhenAlreadyFlushed(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
doesCommitChangeEvenWhenASecondTimeFlushed(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestPersistenceFactoryAlternativeH2Test)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
