-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 19, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 7.848 sec - in com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1
doesFlushBeforeNativeQuery(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 1.828 sec
test(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.114 sec
checkUserTransactionAndDataSource(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.236 sec
canQueryPersistedChangedEntityInTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
doesFlushBeforeQuery(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.079 sec
checkForUpdate(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.077 sec
testTraRolledBack(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
canInsertInEmbeddedTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
checkForUpdateMultiThreaded(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 1.088 sec
canInsertInMandatoryTransactionByClosure(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.099 sec
canNotInsertInMandatoyTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.133 sec
requiresNewDoesInsertInOtherEm(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.071 sec
requiresNewDoesInsertInSameEm(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
canQueryPersistedEntityInTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
canInsertInTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.079 sec
canQueryCreatedEntityInEmbeddedTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.08 sec
canInsertInMandatoryTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
doesCommitChangeEvenWhenAlreadyFlushed(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
doesCommitChangeEvenWhenASecondTimeFlushed(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.persistencefactory.TestProperty1)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
