-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 34, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 9.98 sec - in com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb
testBeanManagedTransactionsInTra(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 2.893 sec
testBeanManagedTransactionsWOTra(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.321 sec
testSessionContextInjection(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.316 sec
canInterpretTransactionAttributeInParentClass(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.259 sec
requiredMethodWorks(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.442 sec
indirectSaveNewInRequired(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.234 sec
indirectSaveNewInRequiredThrowException(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.224 sec
requiresNewMethodWorks(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.251 sec
indirectSaveRequiredInRequired(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.267 sec
testBeanManagedTransactionsWOTraButOuter(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.233 sec
indirectSaveRequiredPlusNewInNewTraButDirectCallAndThrow(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.2 sec
indirectSaveRequiredInRequiredThrowException(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.194 sec
indirectSaveRequiresNewLocalUsingSelfAndThrow(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.207 sec
canInterpretTransactionAttributeInParentMethodRequired(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.175 sec
testBeanManagedWOTraInTestCode(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.17 sec
indirectSaveNewInNewTra(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.234 sec
tryTestBeanManagedWOTraInTestCodeInSupported(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
testBeanManagedTransactionsInTraEncapsulatedPlusPreAndPostTras(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
indirectSaveRequiresNewLocalAsBusinessObjectAndThrow(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.202 sec
defaultMethodWorks(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.164 sec
indirectSaveRequiredInNewTra(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.168 sec
saveToSetRollbackOnlyAndTryAdditionalSave(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
canInterpretTransactionAttributeInParentMethodNever(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
everythingNotNull(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.247 sec
indirectSaveRequiredInNewTraThrow(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
testBeanManagedWOTraInTestCodeTryInNotSupported(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.135 sec
indirectSaveRequiresNewLocalAsBusinessObject(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
indirectSaveRequiredPlusNewInNewTra(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
testSelfInjection(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
testCacheWOTransaction(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.189 sec
testBeanManagedWithTraInTestCodeTryInNotSupported(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.137 sec
testBeanManagedWithTraInTestCodeInSupported(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.138 sec
testSelfInjectionByEjb(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
indirectSaveNewInNewTraThrow(com.oneandone.ejbcdiunit.ejb.TestEjb)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
